docs: update installation instructions (#175)
ethersphere/swarm-cli: README.md

### From npm

To install globally:

```sh

> npm install --global github:ethersphere/swarm-cli

Reviewer: This would install from the github repo from source from master branch, not from npmjs.com where the latest released versions are stored.

```suggestion
npm install --global @ethersphere/swarm-cli
```

Author: oh, i didn't know, sorry! updated the PR.

```

It may require `sudo` if `npm root --global` is not writable by your

> user.

Reviewer 2: Or just make writeable the directory for the user in question

Author: that's beyond the scope of this doc... should be obvious.

Reviewer 2: indeed, but this `sudo` run also should be obvious then. 
I think this part of the guide only makes confusion in the heads and unintended usage of the library.
if you install the package by root, you will able to reach all commands by root only, which is not documented.

> Or you can install locally:

Reviewer 2: I'm not sure there is a common use-case for this.

Author: on NixOS i can't install globally, those directories are simply not writable, not even for root.

> Or you can install locally (e.g. on NixOS):

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
Or you can install locally:
```

```sh
cd [some directory for nodejs files]

> npm install github:ethersphere/swarm-cli

Reviewer: Same as above
```suggestion
npm install @ethersphere/swarm-cli
```

> ./node_modules/.bin/swarm-cli --help

Reviewer 2: didn't work for me, only if I made `npm init` before `npm install`.

Author: which version of nodejs?

this works on my NixOS 21.05, nodejs 14.17.4.

it's not a virgin NixOS install, but i don't see anything obvious installed anywhere globally (it's never writable on NixOS), or under my user.

```
$ nix-shell -p nodejs
these paths will be fetched (11.33 MiB download, 56.35 MiB unpacked):
  /nix/store/7sr08in3pxq1izdl97axpy03s8cxd9wi-nodejs-14.17.4
copying path '/nix/store/7sr08in3pxq1izdl97axpy03s8cxd9wi-nodejs-14.17.4' from 'https://cache.nixos.org'...
[nix-shell:~]$ mkdir /tmp/x
[nix-shell:~]$ cd /tmp/x/
[nix-shell:/tmp/x]$ npm install @ethersphere/swarm-cli
npm WARN deprecated uuid@3.4.0: Please upgrade  to version 7 or higher.  Older versions may use Math.random() in certain circumstances, which is known to be problematic.  See https://v8.dev/blog/math-random for details.

> keccak@3.0.1 install /tmp/x/node_modules/keccak
> node-gyp-build || exit 0

> secp256k1@4.0.2 install /tmp/x/node_modules/secp256k1
> node-gyp-build || exit 0

npm WARN saveError ENOENT: no such file or directory, open '/tmp/x/package.json'
npm notice created a lockfile as package-lock.json. You should commit this file.
npm WARN enoent ENOENT: no such file or directory, open '/tmp/x/package.json'
npm WARN x No description
npm WARN x No repository field.
npm WARN x No README data
npm WARN x No license field.

+ @ethersphere/swarm-cli@1.2.0
added 126 packages from 197 contributors and audited 126 packages in 32.527s

15 packages are looking for funding
  run `npm fund` for details

found 0 vulnerabilities

[nix-shell:/tmp/x]$ ./node_modules/.bin/swarm-cli --help
Swarm CLI 1.2.0 - Manage your Bee node and interact with the Swarm network via the CLI

█ Usage:

swarm-cli COMMAND [OPTIONS]

█ Available Groups:
```

Reviewer 2: you are right, my bad, accidentaly I had an npm project in my home folder. 
But therefore, if some parent folder has `package.json` this line won't work - as in my case.

# Development

After the project has been cloned, the dependencies must be
installed. Run the following in the project folder:

```sh
 $ npm install
```

Then you need to compile the TypeScript code:

```sh
 $ npm run compile
```

> To install `swarm-cli` as a global package:

Reviewer 2: it won't install anything, only creates a symlink to the global npm bins folder that points to the source code's dist folder

Author: i've reworded that part

```sh
 $ npm link
```

If all went well you should be able to run `swarm-cli`.

> Note: on some systems (e.g. NixOS) `npm link` will fail. If that

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
Note: on some systems `npm link` may fail. If that
```
